Fluentd error log filtering for Google Chat (#3624)
app-sre/qontract-reconcile: helm/README.md

| internalCertificates      | integration requires internal certificates to execute                    | false                                                                   |
| logs                      | ship logs to providers                                                   | cloudwatch is enabled by default                                        |
| logs.slack                | ship logs to slack                                                       | false                                                                   |

> | logs.googleChat           | ship any error logs to google chat (anything not INFO level)             | false                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| logs.googleChat           | ship logs to google chat (note: if the 'PREFIX_LOG_LEVEL' environment variable is set to 'TRUE', then logs with the prefix '[INFO]' are excluded from shipment)             | false                                                                   |
```

Reviewer: Actually I'm stupid and cannot read code. Disregard this suggestion.
